#summary configuration.
#labels Phase-Support

= Location =

|| Linux || ~/.config/QtWebkitKiosk/config.ini ||
|| Windows || %APPDATA%\QtWebkitKiosk/config.ini ||

= Sample configuration file contents =

{{{
[browser]
; Full URI or full path to HTML file
;homepage=http://www.example.com/
homepage=default.html
java=false
javascript=true
; handle window.open?
javascript_can_open_windows=false
; handle window.close ?
javascript_can_close_windows=false
; And do not close application, show default homepage
show_homepage_on_window_close=true

webgl=false
plugins=true
; Trust any certificate by default
ignore_ssl_errors=true


[inspector]
; Call web-inspector by Ctrl+Shift+I
enable=false
; Visible on browser start
visible=false

[attach]
; Attach files content then page loaded. Styles goes first
; Define each file full path and splt with comma
styles=
javascripts=

[event-sounds]
enable=false
; full-path to sound file
; format - supported by Qt
;window-clicked=window-clicked.wav
;link-clicked=link-clicked.wav

[cache]
enable=false
; Full path to cache directory
location=cache
; Max cache size in bytes
size=100000000
; cache clean up
clean-on-start=false
clean-on-exit=false

[application]
organization=Organization
organization-domain=www.example.com
; First part of User-Agent
name=QtWebkitKiosk
; Second part of User-Agent
version=1.04.06
; Appears like %name%/%version%


[printing]
; If enabled - javascript window.print() working!
; And Ctrl+P
enable=false
; Show printing dialog?
show-printer-dialog=false
; Well, may be you need 'PDF' name?
printer=default
; Some page setup...
page_margin_left=0
page_margin_top=0
page_margin_right=0
page_margin_bottom=0

[proxy]
; Use proxy?
enable=false
; Use system proxy settings?
system=true
; Or not...
host=proxy.example.com
port=3128
; Need authorization?
auth=false
username=username
password=password

[view]
; Size mode: only one at time, and checked in this order
fullscreen=true
maximized=false
fixed-size=false
; If fixed size - define it
fixed-width=800
fixed-height=600
; Place window in center of desktop
fixed-centered=true
; If not centered - define default position
fixed-x=0
fixed-y=0

}}}